This folder contains four different multipliers.

Run 'test.sh' to run all provided test cases.

In all cases we apply adder substition before verifying the (rewritten) 
multiplier. Log files for AMulet are provided.
To completely verify the multiplier the generated '*.cnf' file needs to be given 
to a SAT solver, e.g. [`https://github.com/arminbiere/cadical`](CaDiCaL), which has to yield 'UNSAT'.

In the second example we verify a multiplier which contains a bug. 
A witness will be generated, which provides a counter example of an input 
assignment that yields an incorrect result.

In the fourth example we furthermore generate proof certificates, which can 
be given to our proof checkers [`http://fmv.jku.at/pacheck_pasteque/`](Pacheck)
or [`http://fmv.jku.at/pacheck_pasteque/`](Pastéque).

We provide the following multipliers:


btor64.aig: 
-----------------------------------------------------
This 64-bit multiplier is synthesized with the SMT solver Boolector.
It turns out that these clean multipliers are structurally the
same as those generated by ABC using the 'gen -m' command in the
'abc' directory.

btor2faulty.aig: 
-----------------------------------------------------
This 2-bit multiplier is synthesized with the SMT solver Boolector 
and a bug was introduced by modifying the input of an AIG node. 


bpwtcl64.aig, s_sparcl64.aig: 
-----------------------------------------------------------
These multipliers were generated and obtained from the service provided at:

https://www.ecsis.riec.tohoku.ac.jp/topics/amg/

If you use these benchmarks, please make sure to use the following
reference in any published material or when distributing them.

  Naofumi Homma, Yuki Watanabe, Takafumi Aoki, Tatsuo Higuchi: Formal Design
  of Arithmetic Circuits Based on Arithmetic Description Language. IEICE
  Transactions 89-A(12): 3500-3509 (2006).

Further, these AIGs were synthesized to AIGER circuits with YoSyS/ABC from
their Verilog specification as follows

  yosys -p "hierarchy -auto-top -check" -p flatten -p techmap -p stat -o mult.blif mult.v

which was the same setting as used in the following paper

  Amr A. R. Sayed-Ahmed, Daniel Große, Ulrich Kühne, Mathias Soeken, Rolf
  Drechsler: Formal verification of integer multipliers by combining Gröbner
  basis with logic reduction. DATE 2016: 1048-1053.

The YoSyS command above was explained by Mathias Soeken via EMail.  Thus
also make sure that you include in any derived work a disclaimer how these
benchmarks were derived and that in particularly the original authors of the
generator for the verilog benchmarks do not provide any kind of warranty for
the correctness of the derived AIGER files.
